showcase-docs/corporate-proxy.md, before:

# Running the Showcase application behind a corporate proxy

Out of the box, the Showcase application can be run behind a corporate proxy, by setting any of the following environment variables prior to starting the application:

- `GLOBAL_AGENT_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE_NAMESPACE` to an empty value
- `HTTP_PROXY`: HTTP proxy to use.
- `HTTPS_PROXY`: distinct proxy to use for HTTPS requests.

Additionally, you can set the `NO_PROXY` environment variable to exclude certain domains from proxying. The value is a comma-separated list of hostnames that do not require a proxy to get reached, even if one is specified.

## Helm deployment

You can set the proxy information in your Helm `values` file, like so:

```yaml
upstream:
  backstage:
    extraEnvVars:
      - name: GLOBAL_AGENT_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE_NAMESPACE
        value: ''
      - name: HTTP_PROXY
        # HTTP proxy to use
        value: '<my_http_proxy_url>'
      - name: HTTPS_PROXY
        # Distinct proxy to use for HTTPS requests
        value: '<my_https_proxy_url>'
      - name: NO_PROXY
        # Pattern of comma-separated URLs that should be excluded from proxying.
        # Example: 'foo.com,baz.com'
        value: '<my_no_proxy_settings>'
```

<details>
<summary>Example</summary>

```yaml
# --- Truncated ---
upstream:
  backstage:
    extraEnvVars:
      - name: GLOBAL_AGENT_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE_NAMESPACE
        value: ''
      - name: HTTP_PROXY
        value: 'http://10.10.10.105:3128'
      - name: HTTPS_PROXY
        value: 'http://10.10.10.106:3128'
      - name: NO_PROXY
        value: 'localhost,internal.example.org'
```

</details>

## Operator deployment

You can set the proxy information in your Custom Resource, like so:

```yaml
spec:
  application:
    extraEnvs:
      envs:
        - name: GLOBAL_AGENT_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE_NAMESPACE
          value: ''
        - name: HTTP_PROXY
          # HTTP proxy to use
          value: '<my_http_proxy_url>'
        - name: HTTPS_PROXY
          # Distinct proxy to use for HTTPS requests
          value: '<my_https_proxy_url>'
        - name: NO_PROXY
          # Pattern of comma-separated URLs that should be excluded from proxying.
          # Example: 'foo.com,baz.com'
          value: '<my_no_proxy_settings>'
```

<details>
<summary>Example</summary>

```yaml
spec:
  # --- Truncated ---
  application:
    extraEnvs:
      envs:
        - name: GLOBAL_AGENT_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE_NAMESPACE
          value: ''
        - name: HTTP_PROXY
          value: 'http://10.10.10.105:3128'
        - name: HTTPS_PROXY
          value: 'http://10.10.10.106:3128'
        - name: NO_PROXY
          value: 'localhost,internal.example.org'
```

</details>

Commit message:

Auto-set the GLOBAL_AGENT_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE_NAMESPACE env var in the container image
Setting it to an empty value allows global-agent to rely on the rather
conventional HTTP(S)_PROXY and NO_PROXY env vars. [1]
Otherwise, users would need to configure both GLOBAL_AGENT_HTTP(S)_PROXY
and HTTP(S)_PROXY to make proxying work with both global-agent and other
libs.
Also, it might be a bit confusing for the user to have to set it explicitly
to an empty value.
We can set it the other way around, but users can still override it if
needed.

[1] https://github.com/gajus/global-agent#what-is-the-reason-global-agentbootstrap-does-not-use-http_proxy

showcase-docs/corporate-proxy.md, after:

# Running the Showcase application behind a corporate proxy

Out of the box, the Showcase application can be run behind a corporate proxy, by setting any of the following environment variables prior to starting the application:

- `HTTP_PROXY`: HTTP proxy to use.
- `HTTPS_PROXY`: distinct proxy to use for HTTPS requests.

Additionally, you can set the `NO_PROXY` environment variable to exclude certain domains from proxying. The value is a comma-separated list of hostnames that do not require a proxy to get reached, even if one is specified.

## Helm deployment

You can set the proxy information in your Helm `values` file, like so:

```yaml
upstream:
  backstage:
    extraEnvVars:
      - name: HTTP_PROXY
        # HTTP proxy to use
        value: '<my_http_proxy_url>'
      - name: HTTPS_PROXY
        # Distinct proxy to use for HTTPS requests
        value: '<my_https_proxy_url>'
      - name: NO_PROXY
        # Pattern of comma-separated URLs that should be excluded from proxying.
        # Example: 'foo.com,baz.com'
        value: '<my_no_proxy_settings>'
```

<details>
<summary>Example</summary>

```yaml
# --- Truncated ---
upstream:
  backstage:
    extraEnvVars:
      - name: HTTP_PROXY
        value: 'http://10.10.10.105:3128'
      - name: HTTPS_PROXY
        value: 'http://10.10.10.106:3128'
      - name: NO_PROXY
        value: 'localhost,example.org'
```

</details>

## Operator deployment

You can set the proxy information in your Custom Resource, like so:

```yaml
spec:
  application:
    extraEnvs:
      envs:
        - name: HTTP_PROXY
          # HTTP proxy to use
          value: '<my_http_proxy_url>'
        - name: HTTPS_PROXY
          # Distinct proxy to use for HTTPS requests
          value: '<my_https_proxy_url>'
        - name: NO_PROXY
          # Pattern of comma-separated URLs that should be excluded from proxying.
          # Example: 'foo.com,baz.com'
          value: '<my_no_proxy_settings>'
```

<details>
<summary>Example</summary>

```yaml
spec:
  # --- Truncated ---
  application:
    extraEnvs:
      envs:
        - name: HTTP_PROXY
          value: 'http://10.10.10.105:3128'
        - name: HTTPS_PROXY
          value: 'http://10.10.10.106:3128'
        - name: NO_PROXY
          value: 'localhost,example.org'
```

</details>

## Local development

If you are behind a corporate proxy and are running the Showcase locally, as depicted in [Running locally with a basic configuration](./getting-started.md#running-locally-with-a-basic-configuration) or [Running locally with the Optional Plugins](./getting-started.md#running-locally-with-the-optional-plugins), you will need to additionally set the `GLOBAL_AGENT_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE_NAMESPACE` to an empty value prior to running `yarn start`.

Example:

```shell
$ GLOBAL_AGENT_ENVIRONMENT_VARIABLE_NAMESPACE='' \
  HTTP_PROXY=http://10.10.10.105:3128 \
  HTTPS_PROXY=http://10.10.10.106:3128 \
  NO_PROXY='localhost,example.org' \
  yarn start
```
